OK, so as you know, we have an outreach page and in general, we would like to convert the search results to show similar to the right column where the company and contacts are listed.  And when a contact component is selected or clicked or tapped, it should open a full and complete drawer from the right with all the capabilities of email generation and email sending/management.

——  A. On the left side:  1. The user selects a search list and there is a small component for company navigation that cycles through all the companies in that list.  2. And below that is the name of the company and a link to open the full company page.  3. Within that component and below the company name are the top three scored contacts of that company.  4. Below that is a component which includes the company website and short description of the company.   B. On the right side is the email generation and writing component:  5. There is an email generation box  6. An email address field.
7. An email subject line field.
8. An email body field.
9. Below that is a send button and the Gmail API button on a row.
10. And below that is the templates buttons and drop-down and controls.  ———  What we would like to do is to bring the right column with the full email generation and writing component into the search page as a large drawer that slides in whenever a specific contact component is clicked.  In this way, we are reducing duplication and the need for a user to navigate to the outreach page and select a search list. Instead, they can immediately begin crafting emails from the search they have just completed.  Since currently the search results of companies and contact cover the full width of the page on a desktop view ( fullscreen) the search results will move the left side much like they are viewed currently viewed on the outreach page.  And instead of all companies being visible as soon as a contact is clicked, the page will shift into this companies carousel view, like the left column of the outreach page where the user can cycle through one company at a time and see the top three contacts. With a goal that they would engage with those contacts and generate an email for them and send it as simply as possible.  A. We will need to have a way to select the active contact that is being generated to email for. B. this drawer also requires some form of interaction to close it.    
