Levels | Become an Eliteist: ( Someone who thinks they are better than others, usually because they have some capacity that most don't.)

Checkout our Levels:
HATCHED 
~One week: Limits are doubled We release the cap of max 5 emails per day.
You will then be allowed to send up to 10 per day. But we will still only celebrate once the first 5 are sent.

PEEPING
2-3 weeks: AI Starts Learning
Our AI engine can begin to analyse which email content and which types of contacts respond best to you.

CHIRPING
After 4-5 weeks: AI Finding the Buyer Profile
Once you confirm who has purchased or fully qualified, the Duck AI will begin analysing and improving your targets based on that.

FLAPPING
Now Mama Duck (AI) can create full campaigns for you.

FLUTTERING
We allow some auto-sending, but only if you are receiving the same number of positive responses.

FLYING
Full-Auto-Sending is enabled and we understand how you sell and who will buy from you.
We encourage logging in, but allow auto-sending for up to 7 days at a time. (So that on your holidays you still get points.)

Disclaimer:
The majority of these levels are dependent on you using Gmail as your business email provider. As with Gmail, we can analyze which contacts that were mailed, actually responded, and whether those responses were positive or negative.

On the next level, we then can analyze your communication as you guide the potential client to the sale and understand how you do this to differing needs of customers.

Once the full pipeline is understood, the AI can give custom recommendations as to the responses and you can just approve them or brush them up a little.

The AI will not read any emails that are not from contacts generated within the app. The analysis is anonymized and internalized and is only for you and your benefit.
This can also be switched off.

In fact, this whole process only moves forward once we receive confirmation from you on:
A. Whether you have qualified leads or actually made a sale already.
B. If you confirm that you are happy to start receiving response suggestions.




