# Streak Campaigns Page  I have now realized that the whole streak page is actually a campaign ( but we will not name it as such on the front end yet) and that this campaign is going to, by default be 2weeks long, and every campaign requires three things:  1. A sender profile. This is already auto generated as soon as the user registers because it pulls his name and email from the registration.  1A. However, it's possible that the sender wants to add a different profile with a different name and email.  1B. in addition to this, it's possible that the user wants to add additional information such as the company name company website. ( as this may differ from the actual product that he wants to sell. Perhaps the company is just a reseller or a representative or an importer of a particular service or product.)  2. A product ( or service.)  A sales email must be generated to stimulate interest around a specific offering and in order for that email to be generated this offering which we call a product must be saved somewhere. ( we already have a product section with a simple three or four step process to add a new product.)  The user can easily add additional ones and select his preferred product for this specific campaign.  3. A target customer. ( Ideal or realistic customer)  Many people have an ideal customer in mind without realizing that the people they are currently selling to and are most profitable with are probably their most ideal customers.  In any case, there must be a three or four step form similar to what we have with product that simply collect information from the user about the target customers.   3A. so that the system can do an analysis and suggest or even run additional searches to generate more leads for the user to send to.  3B.  user can add multiple of these customer profiles.    ——  A. Originally, I was planning on an on boarding flow for any new user that would require the user to select a profile a product and a target customer, but what I realized is that we are at what we are actually doing is we are creating a specific campaign.  And that, instead of saving this, as some generic streak related field and process, we should actually just save this combined grouping of attributes as a campaign, which will then run by default for two weeks and the user will receive the emails after which time there can be a analysis of the results and adjust for the next two week campaign.  B. this will also allow the user to save old campaigns and revert to that information if they desire and even to run multiple campaigns at the same time, for different companies or products or target groups. ( but for version one, they will only be one campaign although in the backend it will be saved as one of many possible.)  Does this make sense?